Wow, there are a lot of bad votes for this movie here. I thought it was great. It's a Will Smith / Barry Sonnenfeld movie. You can't take it seriously. The humor is perfectly subtle and dry at times, and over the top at others. The storyline is only there to give opportunities for the jokes.	8	12 April 2004
Lets take a cult classic and make as stupid idiotic movie as you could possibly make and cast it with actors COMPLETELY unsuited for the parts. Kevin Kline, Will Smith, and Kenneth Branaugh should all shoot their agents. Sure they probably picked up a nice paycheck for this crap but can you ever live down being associated with such a "Wanker" project? For a television series the Wild Wild West was well done for its time and had a lot of interesting plots and characters. What possessed the creators of this movie vomit to trash the Wild Wild West. Hopefully someone will come along and make a serious movie on the television series. Sad to see these SCUM come along and try to make a cheap buck on the creative efforts of others and destroying their original vision. I always wondered how Robert Conrad could go alone with this junk. Then I read that he didn't. He picked up the Razzie Awards as a protest.	1	29 May 2005
I won't add more insults -- others here have done that well enough. This movie is godawful. But I will point out two areas that seem to be staples of bad movie remakes of beloved old TV shows. First, how about getting someone to write/direct that actually liked and understood the original? That person would understand that the West-Gordon relationship was the core. In a sense, West and Gordon complimented each other to make a slick, functional crime-fighting machine: West handled the action and romance, and Gordon took care of the thinking, deception, and humor (disguises). This was a well-used TV convention -- think the Kirk-Spock-McCoy triad in Star Trek, or the great contrasty chemistry between Bill Cosby and Robert Culp in I Spy. Add a lovable villain to the mix (not an offensive atrocity like the film-Loveless) and you've got a crazy, tongue-in-cheek action classic. The filmmakers here seemingly did not know or care about the fundamentals of the original show. Not that this is necessarily a problem, but then why bother resurrecting the premise in the first place? Why not just make Will Smith a different wild west troubleshooter? The Mission Impossible franchise has the same problem.	1	13 July 2008
Buried in this god-awful disaster of a movie is a germ of an inkling of an iota of a great idea. It is not the idea of making a big blockbuster out of the great old 1960s TV show "The Wild Wild West," an idea which can, at best, be described as tiresomely uninspired. Nor is there brilliance in transforming the image of the lead character just so that they could build the role around star-of-the-moment Will Smith. But out of that horribly perverse example of Hollywood commercial packaging there is an intriguing premise, which naturally seems to have slipped past all involved without a second glance. What if the best, brightest and most intrepid government agent working in post-Civil War America was, indeed, a black man? Realistically, how would an African-American, functioning in a repressive, racist society, where even the most liberal thinker would see him as a second-class citizen, indeed, a second class human being, be able to not only outsmart the bad guys, but to impress even the skeptical good guys? It is an intriguing idea because, on the one hand, such an agent would not be suspected of being a threat and, on the other hand, he would have to overcome so many more barriers than a white man would ever face. He would be both invisible and yet stand out like the proverbial sore thumb just about anywhere he went. He'd be constantly fighting two battles. Such a film could be thrilling and funny, yet something rare: original.	1	7 June 2005
No other stinker in 1999 could compare to the witless and tasteless experience that was WILD WILD WEST, a big-budget bomb of epic proportions that is a total disgrace to the TV western of the same name.  Will Smith is James West, a slick gunslinger who, along with his partner (Kline) must prevent a political assassination and save a town from destruction. Unsatisfying visuals and second-rate special effects only add to the horrible acting and the film's unclear direction.  It is so disappointing to see such good actors wasted in such a terrible mess.	1	18 February 2004
I actually walked out of the movie before it was over, and I suspect that audiences everywhere will experience a similar impulse. The movie (I dare not write its name) is another one of the countless pictures that must have been written by some kind of experimental Hollywood software. It takes several excellent actors, one wonderful special effects marvel, shakes them up and out pops the same crap every time.	1	2 July 1999
Wild, Wild, West was a fun, exciting, action packed movie that had wonderful acting by Will Smith (especially Will), Kevin Kline, Salma Hayek, and Keneth Branaugh. This movie was one of Will Smith's funniest movie's yet. I think Will is an incredible actor with a lot of talent and charisma. This movie is a must see for anyone with any taste at all. If you don't like this movie you have to be the most boring, unimaginable, unintelligent person there is on Earth. Wild, Wild, West was 100 times better than Star Wars and is the movie of the year!	10	5 June 1999
Apparently there is a lot of feelings associated with this title.	10	17 April 2015
I realise this 'film' was a fantasy of a kind but even fantasy has to respect certain laws. All the monstrous machines were steam powered and as such would need lots of coal and lots of water. Where did it all come from in the desert and who shoveled it? Also magnets only behave like those ones around the heroes necks in cartoons.	1	20 October 2013
As a fan of the original TV show, I was really rooting for "Wild Wild West" to succeed.  Imagine my disappointment then, when it turned out to be a complete failure, a dud of a movie, a huge disaster; in a word, it just plane sucked.  There were so many mistakes and errors made by the so-called "filmmakers" that I'm not even sure where to start.  First, casting Will Smith.  Unless your willing to completely disregard the history of the late nineteenth century and make race a complete non-factor (which is not what the writers chose to do) there is no way to sell a black James West.  Hell, the giant mechanical spider was more realistic than a black army officer in the post Civil War army.  Don't get me wrong, I love Will Smith, but because he is black this role was just not right for him.  Second, the writing. Four people are credited with the screenplay, and God only knows how many others "polished" the script along the way.  Yet, with all this talent involved, the end result is hideous.  It reminds me of the old maxim that a thousand monkeys randomly typing on typewriters would produce Shakespeare sooner or later; well in this case, they had a lot of writers carefully and selectively typing on typewriters, and they didn't get within a parsec of Shakespeare.  The story and characters were all wrong (they needed to look at the original show, which got it right), the dialogue is truly pathetic (I got real sick of West and Gordon saying "We have to save OUR president" "That monster is after OUR president") and NONE of the jokes work.  The absolute lowest point was when the writers tried to milk humor from a lynching; perhaps in their next effort, the writers will find the humor in the gas chambers of Auschwitz, or the killing fields of Bosnia.  The musical score was also a complete failure; it was flat, unimaginative, boring and unengaging.  The music should have been building suspense, providing a rousing theme, etc.  Except, about all it provided was a headache and all it roused was my ire.  "Wild Wild West" is the posterchild for the hallow, overhyped Hollywood movie that is supposed to be a guaranteed blockbuster (see also "Judge Dredd" and "The Avengers"), and it truly deserves the heaps of scorn and criticism which have been dumped on it.  I can only pray that Smith's next project can restore his now tarnished reputation, and that Barry Sonnenfeld never makes another movie again as long as he lives.	1	20 April 2000
I'm not sure if anything short of burning the negatives could improve this film.  A plotless mess that exists it some sort of limbo-history, where impossible and dull machines slog across a computer generated West (though most of the movie seems to happen in Washington or Louisiana).  Oh, and there are some actors, though I hope no one involved keeps this one on their resume.  Kevin Kline is wasted, Will Smith is uninteresting, Selma Hayek is tacked on, and Kenneth Branagh is shrill.  Pointlessly crude, this is a film that should not have been made as it pales before the original series, or even a napkin with the words "Quality" on it.	1	4 July 1999
I never saw the original TV show, so I can't compare, and I'm willing to concede a comic-Western-meets-James Bond-type show could work, but I know this much; this movie doesn't work.  The story drags on too long, the so-called gags are lame, some fine comedic actors are left twisting in the wind(only Branagh held my interest for awhile, and I even got tired of him), and it's hard to believe Barry Sonnenfeld, who made the ADDAMS FAMILY movies and MEN IN BLACK so entertaining(not to mention GET SHORTY) could make a stinker like this.  Some nice photography by Michael Ballhaus, but that's it.	1	1 July 1999
I generally avoid paying full price for first-run movie tickets because of this sort of drivel. Unfortunately, I let some friends talk me into making an exception, and I actually sat through this clunker. It was a hot July day, and the theater was well air-conditioned, which is all that prevented this experience from being a total waste of money.	1	6 July 1999
This movie sucked big time. Not that I had high hopes but all the actors involved have actually acted before. Some of them more frequently than others but hey (Will Smith acted once see "Six degrees of separation"). Salma Hayak as always is pretty darn hot but not even her nice little package was enough to resurrect this ball of dust.	1	10 July 2006
Buying this film I had in mind The Great Race and I expected to see a funny comedy with modern effects and intricate gadgets. Unfortunately the film crew failed to shoot a comedy but shot an implausible story that could hardly have taken place in the American West. It seems to me that people of the 19th century had more respect towards the President than our contemporaries. Anyway, the genre of the film is said to be comedy but the film is anything but funny. It's full of unnecessary violence and cruelty. It's hard to say what IS funny in it. The Great Race could boast a hero and a villain but whatever tricks they played on each other they never resulted in severe damage, if the worst came to the worst they threw cakes at each other or fell sprawling in the mud. Nevertheless, the vice was punished and laughed at. It was not frightening , it was ridiculous. That's why one could safely show such films as The Great Race to children; I for one saw it first when I was 5 or 6 and I still enjoy it. Maybe films of the kind should be shot in this humorous vein. I myself do not mind my p's and q's and can appreciate a thriller or an action film with all the gore and blood if the violence is justified, but Wild Wild West is not the case.	1	14 May 2000
I've always heard people saying "I was sleeping watching..." and I said "There's no movie that deserves to take a nap while you are watching" WWW proved me wrong, (even tough it's not worst than Mr. Magoo), this was awful...c'mon I thought I was going to laugh and I nearly cried.  Will Smith was funny just in the opening scene, not even the beautiful Salma Hayek make it worth to be seen.  I was very disappointed with all the hype and the promotion this film got.	1	30 September 1999
